After you define your residual block class,
you've been given another helper function below.
This function deconv creates
a transpose convolutional layer and an optional batchnorm layer.
Now, with this helper function,
deconv helper function from before and the ResidualBlock class,
you are ready to define a complete generator class.
Let's look back at our diagram.
Before, I mentioned that these generators have an encoder portion,
a series of resonant blocks and a decoder portion,
and this is the general architecture.
This network, much like our discriminator,
we'll see a 128 by 128 by 3 image as input.
This image is going to be compressed into a smaller representation as it
goes through a three convolutional layers and reaches a series of residual blocks.
It goes through typically six or more of these residual blocks,
and then it goes through a three transpose convolutional layers on the other side.
These are responsible for up-sampling the output of the resonant blocks.
This is sort of undoing the downsampling that happens in the encoder portion,
and the final transpose convolutional layer should output
a new generated image of the same size as the input,128 by 128 by 3,
and three is just the suggested number of
convolutional and transpose convolutional layers here.
It's what I'll be using,
we can actually change the number of layers if you want to.
Note that most of the
convolutional and transpose convolutional layers have
batch norm and ReLU functions applied to their outputs.
This is based on the architecture outlined in
the CycleGAN paper and it's true for all but
the final transpose convolutional layer which has
a tanh activation function applied to the output.
Also, just to complete this description,
we know that the residual blocks are made of
convolutional and batch normalization layers
with a ReLU in-between these convolutional layers.
So, that's where there is no additional activation functions here.
Okay. So, learning about residual blocks and
the complete architecture of a CycleGAN generator,
your tasks are to complete the ResidualBlock class and then complete the generator class.
The CycleGenerator class takes in two arguments: conv_dim and n_res_blocks.
The conv_dim is set to a default of 64
for the depth of the first convolutional layer in the generator.
This depth should increase in the encoder portion of the network.
Then, it takes in a number of resonant blocks which is set to a default of six.
This should be the number of resonant blocks in
between the encoder and decoder portion of the generator.
These resonant blocks really allow the generator to learn
a transformation from one image domain to another,
so I wouldn't skip this step.
I'd also suggest that you take advantage of
PyTorch's sequential wrapper to create a series of six or however many blocks you want.
I've also left some comments here,
I suggest you break up the model definition into three main parts: the encoder,
the resonant box, and the decoder portion.
So, define all the layers you need in init
and then define the feed-forward behavior as well.
As before, I'd say consult the diagram or
the original paper if you're confused as to how many layers to make,
which layers need normalization,
or what kind of depth to use.
If you're comfortable with this code,
I'd suggest you move on to the next couple of cells and
instantiate the necessary discriminators end generators.
If you get stuck or want to consult this solution,
you can check out the next video.